                      TAMAGOTCHI PET GAME
           
  What is it?
  -----------
  
  The game is a basic pet game implenting a GUI that showcases
  basic event driven programming. It is written in Java and coded
  on elipse. It should be executable from any Java based IDE
  or from the command line. The basics of the game involve owning
  several pets, interacting with them which will affect their
  behaviour and actions. Muliple players can compete with a basic 
  system. Scores are based on keeping your pets healthy and happy.
  
  The Latest Version
  ------------------
  
  This is the first fully runnable version of the GUI based game.
  The GUI in itself was developed and adapted from a command-line,
  text based game implementing the same gameplay, processes and logic.
  
  Documentation
  -------------

  The documentation available as of the date of this release is
  included in JavaDoc format in the docs directory included. Root
  doc index can be found at /doc/pet_game/package-summary
  
  Installation Instructions
  -------------------------

  The program is currently able to be imported and run in a 
  java based IDE e.g Eclipse, or from the command line, or from
  the executable virtual_game.jar file
  
  First start by unpacking the zip file. 
  
  Locate the file in the root directory called virtual_game.jar.
  Run it as is. This should produce a working game.
  
  To run from an IDE, first import the root directory as a file system into your program,
  then from the pet_game/src sub folder, locate the GUIfinal.java file. Run this 
  file as a java application to get a fully working platform.
  
  To run from a command line/terminal:
  Direct yourself to the class path containing your unpacked, executable
  .jar file. Type the following into the command line:
  
  java -jar virtual_game.jar

  Test-file instructions
  ----------------------
 JUnit Test files are included in the /src files,
 they can be run from any IDE that with a JUnit plugin.
  
  Support
  -------
  
       o If you want freely available enquires for running the game,
       see @Robert Loomes (55938778, rwl29@uclive.ac.nz) OR,
       Mna Chalabi (11322914, mkc49@uclive.ac.nz).
